docs/usage.rst, before:

========
Usage
========

Currently this uses the sparkcontext addPyFile method to ship this module to the workers.


To ship and install a conda environment the following steps are needed:

.. code-block:: python

    # Create a new conda env to test with, if you don't have one:
    conda create -n sparkonda-test-env python=2.7 pip pandas scikit-learn numpy numba
    source activate sparkonda-test-env
    pip install sparkonda
    ###########################################################
    ###########################################################
    # In the following example sc represents a running pyspark context
    # Please see the tests folder for examples
    ###########################################################

    # Adding the sparkonda_utils module to the spark workers:
    ###########################################################
    ###########################################################
    ####OPTION 1(requires knowledge of the installation location):
    sc.addPyFile('path/to/sparkonda_utils.py')


    ####OPTION 2(tries to detect the installation folder):
    # Declare these two helper functions to help with sys.modules cache manipulations
    # and to add the sparkonda_utils.py file to the pyspark workers SparkFiles
    def add_sparkonda_utils_to_workers(sc):
        # Helper to add sparkonda_utils module to the workers
        # and clean up the sys.modules cache afterward
        import sparkonda
        sparkonda.module_helper.add_module_to_workers(sc)

    def import_sparkonda_utils():
        # Helper to import the sparkonda_utils module
        # Try-Catch trick used for IDEs, to provide autocomplete
        try:
            import sparkonda_utils as skon
        except ImportError:
            import sparkonda.sparkonda_utils as skon
        return skon
    add_sparkonda_utils_to_workers(sc)
    skon = import_sparkonda_utils()
    ###########################################################
    ###########################################################


    # Make sure that the skon module points to the SparkFile
    # and not to the local sparkonda installation
    skon.__file__

    # Configure your skon object and use it to deploy your conda env to
    # the spark workers
    from os.path import expanduser
    home_dir = expanduser("~")

    # Edit to match your conda env name
    skon.CONDA_ENV_NAME = 'sparkonda-test-env'
    # Edit this path to match your conda env location
    skon.CONDA_ENV_LOCATION = ''.join([home_dir,'/miniconda/envs/',skon.CONDA_ENV_NAME])
    # Edit to match your cluster size
    skon.SC_NUM_EXECUTORS = 2

    # Pack, ship, list worker dirs, install the conda env and set the workers python interpreter
    skon.pack_conda_env()
    skon.distribute_conda_env(sc)
    skon.list_cwd_files(sc)
    skon.install_conda_env(sc)
    skon.set_workers_python_interpreter(sc)

    # Test your setup
    # This assumes that pandas and sklearn are installed in the conda env you specified
    def check_pandas(x): import pandas as pd; return [pd.__version__]
    skon.prun(sc, check_pandas, include_broadcast_vars=False)

    def check_sklearn(x): import sklearn as sk; return sk.__version__
    skon.prun(sc, check_sklearn, include_broadcast_vars=False)

To remove the custom conda env from the workers and reset the interpreter:

.. code-block:: python

    skon.remove_conda_env(sc)

    skon.list_cwd_files(sc)

    skon.reset_workers_python_interpreter(sc)

    # Check that the package is not accessible anymore
    # User should get an ImportErrror:
    #   ImportError: No module named sklearn
    def check_sklearn(x): import sklearn as sk; return sk.__version__
    skon.prun(sc, check_sklearn, include_broadcast_vars=False)

Commit message:

version 0.2.2dev
fix bug when number of cores per executor is larger than 1
fix list_cwd to include hostname in output
fix test to use pack files naming instead of zip files
fix usage docs to include new config for number of cores
add tests for correct prun to num partition mapping

docs/usage.rst, after:

========
Usage
========

Currently this uses the sparkcontext addPyFile method to ship this module to the workers.


To ship and install a conda environment the following steps are needed:

.. code-block:: python

    # Create a new conda env to test with, if you don't have one:
    conda create -n sparkonda-test-env python=2.7 pip pandas scikit-learn numpy numba
    source activate sparkonda-test-env
    pip install sparkonda
    ###########################################################
    ###########################################################
    # In the following example sc represents a running pyspark context
    # Please see the tests folder for examples
    ###########################################################

    # Adding the sparkonda_utils module to the spark workers:
    ###########################################################
    ###########################################################
    ####OPTION 1(requires knowledge of the installation location):
    sc.addPyFile('path/to/sparkonda_utils.py')


    ####OPTION 2(tries to detect the installation folder):
    # Declare these two helper functions to help with sys.modules cache manipulations
    # and to add the sparkonda_utils.py file to the pyspark workers SparkFiles
    def add_sparkonda_utils_to_workers(sc):
        # Helper to add sparkonda_utils module to the workers
        # and clean up the sys.modules cache afterward
        import sparkonda
        sparkonda.module_helper.add_module_to_workers(sc)

    def import_sparkonda_utils():
        # Helper to import the sparkonda_utils module
        # Try-Catch trick used for IDEs, to provide autocomplete
        try:
            import sparkonda_utils as skon
        except ImportError:
            import sparkonda.sparkonda_utils as skon
        return skon
    add_sparkonda_utils_to_workers(sc)
    skon = import_sparkonda_utils()
    ###########################################################
    ###########################################################


    # Make sure that the skon module points to the SparkFile
    # and not to the local sparkonda installation
    skon.__file__

    # Configure your skon object and use it to deploy your conda env to
    # the spark workers
    from os.path import expanduser
    home_dir = expanduser("~")

    # Edit to match your conda env name
    skon.CONDA_ENV_NAME = 'sparkonda-test-env'
    # Edit this path to match your conda env location
    skon.CONDA_ENV_LOCATION = ''.join([home_dir,'/miniconda/envs/',skon.CONDA_ENV_NAME])
    # Edit to match the number of spark workers
    skon.SC_NUM_EXECUTORS = 2
    # Edit to match the number of cores per spark worker
    skon.SC_NUM_CORE_PER_EXECUTOR = 2

    # Pack, ship, list worker dirs, install the conda env and set the workers python interpreter
    skon.pack_conda_env()
    skon.distribute_conda_env(sc)
    skon.list_cwd_files(sc)
    skon.install_conda_env(sc)
    skon.set_workers_python_interpreter(sc)

    # Test your setup
    # This assumes that pandas and sklearn are installed in the conda env you specified
    def check_pandas(x): import pandas as pd; return [pd.__version__]
    skon.prun(sc, check_pandas, include_broadcast_vars=False)

    def check_sklearn(x): import sklearn as sk; return sk.__version__
    skon.prun(sc, check_sklearn, include_broadcast_vars=False)

To remove the custom conda env from the workers and reset the interpreter:

.. code-block:: python

    skon.remove_conda_env(sc)

    skon.list_cwd_files(sc)

    skon.reset_workers_python_interpreter(sc)

    # Check that the package is not accessible anymore
    # User should get an ImportErrror:
    #   ImportError: No module named sklearn
    def check_sklearn(x): import sklearn as sk; return sk.__version__
    skon.prun(sc, check_sklearn, include_broadcast_vars=False)
